**Most Meaningful Objective Report**

Course Objectives/Outcomes/Goals 
-Use and apply current IT discipline-related concepts and practices.
-Identify and analyze organizational and individual problems or 
opportunities in the IT realm and define requirements for addressing them 
when an IT solution is appropriate.
-Design and develop effective, IT-based solutions and integrate them into the
user environment.
-Create and implement effective project plans.
-Identify and investigate current and emerging technologies and assess their 
applicability to address individual and organizational needs.
-Analyze the impact of technology on individual and organizational needs.
-Collaborate in teams to accomplish common goals.
-Communicate effectively and efficiently.
-Recognize the qualities necessary to succeed in a professional environment

The project itself was the main focus of the first objective. We had to select a project that would utilize the education that we have been given up to the beginning of this class to complete an objective. The selecting of the project is what the focus of the second goal. Being able to recognize a problem that can be solved with the correct application of IT knowledge is a skill an IT professional should hone. That may be the most important goal in this course. While they are all important, recognizing what is possible and what is not possible and being able to communicate these thoughts to management is paramount. We had several milestones aimed at completing several of the remaining goals that included having an open discussion board and progress reports to be presented periodically. 

I used my knowledge of IT to try and complete a project that would allow sales representatives easy access to potential customer leads generated from a web page. I used knowledge of html coding as well as database management to try and accomplish this task. I drew upon prior knowledge in my work to try and find a problem that could be solved with an IT solution. In this case the fact that sales representatives have issues with understanding what customers are looking for in a local provider. 

I researched how to form an html page into a web form. What types of inputs that can be included in these forms, how to label the inputs, and in what ways the data from inputs are interpreted. I researched database creation and management. How to setup the database to correlate to the columns of the database to the inputs from the web form for proper data flow into the database from the web form.  I also looked into trying to generate a report from the database automatically but was largely unsuccessful in those attempts. 
I learned that it is not as easy to fulfill this objective as it may seem. There are many different methods to creating an html web page and to create on from scratch is difficult in and of itself. There are tutorials and videos throughout the internet with advice and steps on how to setup these forms to input data from your web form, but they are fairly confusing to try and follow which web form methods can be used with which database management engines. I think that the greatest lesson that I learned from this project would be to try and start with a program setup that can be all inclusive such as phpMyadmin or to use the suite of programs offered by Microsoft from the beginning. It is very difficult to try and shift gears once you start with one method and switch to another or try to homogenize methods from several different  tutorials or instructional videos. Another thing I learned is that with the advancement of IT in recent years there is a vast assortment of very high quality templates that can be used by an individual beginning a project of this nature. I did not go this route because I believed the project was supposed to be created completely from scratch. There were even start up web based subscriptions that  found that also housed in house databases that allowed for everything to be hosted by the website itself. If I was a professional in the workplace tasked with this project for any company that was relatively small that is the route that I would pursue. The form that they could generate was of high quality and the database work that they had was very intuitive to operate. Not like typical database management that someone would need excessive amounts of training to utilize. This would allow sales representatives to just have access to the account of the CRM hosted by the website and get the information easily that way. 

I believe that this is a good exercise for any IT professional about to enter the work place. It shows you as a student the level of planning and dedication that is required to be able to complete projects that will arise in the work place in the time table and manner that is expected from management. This assignment also showed how important it can be to be part of a team as opposed to trying to tackle problems in the workplace in an isolated manner. Having a team would allow for tasks to be delegated and strengths to be utilized to allow for a much easier completion of objectives as opposed to one person attempting to solve an issue alone. This was a very illuminating experience on the fact that even after a degree may be completed that the learning experience should not stop there. There are several important certifications that an IT professional should get on top of having a degree. Even after that fact the need to actively learn as technology progresses will be ever present in an IT professionals life. If they do not strive to keep ahead on these learning curves then very quickly they will discover that their practices in the work place can not only endanger their employment status but the very business that they are employed at as well. They have a responsibility to themselves and to their employers to maintain their knowledgebase and keep practices up to date. 
