**Project Objectives**

I knew upon seeing the requirements for this class that I wanted to try and develop a webpage to satisfy this project. At first I thought about trying to setup an online store, but I was not very familiar with all of the processes that go into truly taking advantage of all of the data that can be collected in that scenario. So then I tried to consider what processes I am familiar with. This led me to consider commercial grade internet service. I work as an installer for a local ISP and like to think that I am fairly well versed in the requirements of several different kinds of customers that would want service from the ISP that I work for, from a local mom and pop to a metro ring of hospital sites or cell towers. One thing that always seems to be an issue is that customers provide information to several different departments required for the install and some of that information invariably slips through the cracks and has to be fixed on the fly at the time of install. This costs both the customer money and the ISP money and leads to the customer having a less positive experience with the ISP. Having a place within the ISP's webpage in which customers can tailor-make their service plan will hopefully eliminate a majority of these issues before they even occur. The outcome of this project would be a website that would allow sales representatives from the ISP a single report that would tell them everything that the customer is interested in purchasing from the ISP. It could have features like allowing the customer to choose what sort of internet speeds they require, what sort of equipment that they need in order to operate, when they plan to open their business, where the business is going to be located, and any other potential requirements that the ISP needs to be made aware of before the install date. The target audience would be potential business within the footprint of the ISP. I would use HTML through Github and Gitpod to develop the pages required to perform the actions that I am describing. I would use this product within the existing webpage of the ISP. 
